# Final-Project

I worked with Stephen Heckert on the final project and our project title is called "Fortune Road Board Game" 

When you first run our board game you will see the objective and rules followed by a prompt which asks how many players there will be (2-4?). If you enter a number out of the range the code will not work and repeat the question of how many players. After that it will ask player 1 to roll, followed by player 2, and so on and the player must press enter in order to roll their die and recieve a number between 1 and 6. The player will then move forward that amount of spaces but could stumble apon special spaces that can move you forward, backwars, allow you to roll again, or send you back to the start. 

We used if, elif, and else statements in order to allow our code to work and this allowed us to individually set certain spaces as the special spots. The main challenge we had with this project was getting the spaces to stay after the person would role. For example, say a player lands on space 10, which sends them back 2 spaces. After they land on space 10 the game would print that they landed on an unlucky spot and would move then back 2 spaces and then print that the player is now on space 8. We got that to work but then when that players next turn would come up their role would continue from space 10 instead of 8 so if they roled a 3 they would be put on space 13 instead of space 11 like they should have been. We tried very long to fix this until we figured it out it was a simple msitake in using a double = symbol instead of a single = symbol in our code. After we resolved that issue the code ran fine. We also originally planned to have 30 spaces and have the winner be the first player to complete 2 cycles around the board but we struggled to figure out how to get the game to loop back around to space 1 after passing space 30 but still keep their score to check for a winner. In order to resolve this we decided to cancel out the double loop to win and instead added 50 spaces with more special spots and made it so the winner was the first person to reach space 50. 

Here is the URL to our video of our game. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUym89sReCo&feature=youtu.be
